Improve "Installing the Knative CLI" (#2230)
knative/docs: docs/install/install-kn.md

You must place the executable binary in your system path, and make sure that it is executable.

## Install `kn` using Go

> 1. Build `kn` requires Go v1.13 or newer. Please install [go](https://golang.org/doc/install) environment firstly.

Reviewer: I would check gramma here. Maybe something like "Building `kn` requires Go .... You will first need a working Go environment.

1. Download the [Client repository](https://github.com/knative/client).
  ```bash
  cd $GOPATH/src/knative-dev

>   git clone https://github.com/knative/client.git

Reviewer 2: That is not needed as we are using go modules. No need to be in the $GOPATH.

Reviewer: you do not `Download` a repo, you clone it.

  cd client/
  ```
1. Build an executable binary:
  ```bash

>   go install ./cmd/kn

Reviewer 2: Please use `hack/build.sh` as it does some extra stuff. It doesn not `install` yet, true. But we should add that to keep full control here.

  ```
1. Move `kn` into your system path, and verify whether kn is working properly. For example:
  ```bash
  cp $GOPATH/bin/kn /bin/
  kn version

>   ```

Reviewer 2: Hmm, not sure if this needed if $GOPATH/bin is already in the PATH (which is true for a typical go lang user)

## `kn` container images
The `kn` container images are available here:
- [Nightly container image](https://gcr.io/knative-nightly/knative.dev/client/cmd/kn)
- [Latest release](https://gcr.io/knative-releases/knative.dev/client/cmd/kn)

You can run `kn` from container. For example:
  ```bash

>   docker pull https://gcr.io/knative-releases/knative.dev/client/cmd/kn

Reviewer 2: You don't need to pull in advance, that will automatically happen when you call `docker run`

Reviewer 3: :+1: 

not `https://` prefix for image references

>   docker run --rm --name <your-container-name> -v "$HOME/.kube/config:<your-kubeconfig-path>" gcr.io/knative-releases/knative.dev/client/cmd/kn:latest service list

Reviewer 2: * No need to select a name (just leave that out)
* Instead of `<your-kubeconfig-path>` we need to provide the concrete directory.

Still have to figure that out, but @navidshaikh how is this image called in the tekton integration ?

In general it doesnt make sense to add placeholder in an installation intstructions if it is not explained what they should be (and of course shouldn't be added if not needed)

Reviewer 3: We don't need to touch anything for kubeconfig while working with tekton. 

IMO, we should rmeove this command example and add a sub-section here for for e.g.: 'Using kn with Tekton' which links to the kn catalog task at https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog/tree/master/kn

Author: May be we can both introduce `Running kn in docker` and `Running kn with tekton task`. For some user, they are not familiar with tekton.

  ```

## What's next

> Now that you have install `kn` in your system. To learn more about `kn` command. You can read our [document](https://github.com/knative/client/blob/master/docs/cmd/kn.md).

Reviewer 4: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Add trailing newline:
```suggestion
Now that you have install `kn` in your system. To learn more about `kn` command. You can read our [document](https://github.com/knative/client/blob/master/docs/cmd/kn.md).

```

Author: ok

> Now that you have install `kn` in your system. To learn more about `kn` command. You can read our [document](https://github.com/knative/client/blob/master/docs/cmd/kn.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now that you have installed `kn`. To learn more about `kn` commands, please follow the [documentation](https://github.com/knative/client/blob/master/docs/cmd/kn.md).
```

You must place the executable binary in your system path, and make sure that it is executable.

## Install `kn` using Go

> 1. Building `kn` requires Go v1.13 or newer. You will first need a working Go environment.

Author: Done.

> **Prerequisite:** Building `kn` requires Go v1.13 or newer. You will first need a working Go environment.

Reviewer 2: It's 1.14 now

> **Prerequisite:** Building `kn` requires Go v1.13 or newer. You will first need a working Go environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Prerequisite:** Building `kn` requires Go v1.14 or newer. You will first need a working Go environment.
```

Author: Done

> 1. Check out the [Client repository](https://github.com/knative/client).

Author: Done.

  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/knative/client.git
  cd client/
  ```
1. Build an executable binary:
  ```bash
  hack/build.sh -f
  ```

> 1. Move `kn` into your system path, and verify whether kn is working properly. For example:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
1. Move `kn` into your system path, and verify that `kn` commands are working properly. For example:
```

Author: Done.

- [Nightly container image](https://gcr.io/knative-nightly/knative.dev/client/cmd/kn)
- [Latest release](https://gcr.io/knative-releases/knative.dev/client/cmd/kn)

You can run `kn` from container. For example:
  ```bash

>   docker run --rm --name <your-container-name> -v "$HOME/.kube/config:$HOME/.kube/config" gcr.io/knative-releases/knative.dev/client/cmd/kn:latest service list

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  docker run --rm -v "$HOME/.kube/config:/root/.kube/config" gcr.io/knative-releases/knative.dev/client/cmd/kn:latest service list
```
The original example won't work as expected if the local $HOME is not the same as the home within the image (very likely) as `$HOME` is resolved when you issue this command. 

Also, you don't have to specify a name.

  ```

> For users who are familiar with Tekton. We suggest you can [run kn using Tekton](https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog/tree/master/kn).

Reviewer 2: That are no proper sentences.

## What's next

> Now that you have installed `kn` in your system. To learn more about `kn` command. You can read our [document](https://github.com/knative/client/blob/master/docs/cmd/kn.md).

Reviewer 2: Please check the english wording and punctuation.

- [Nightly container image](https://gcr.io/knative-nightly/knative.dev/client/cmd/kn)
- [Latest release](https://gcr.io/knative-releases/knative.dev/client/cmd/kn)

> You can run `kn` from container. For example:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
You can run `kn` from a container image. For example:
```

Author: Done.

  ```bash
  docker run --rm -v "$HOME/.kube/config:/root/.kube/config" gcr.io/knative-releases/knative.dev/client/cmd/kn:latest service list
  ```

## Using `kn` with Tekton

You can also [run kn using Tekton](https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog/tree/master/kn).

## What's next

> Now that you have installed `kn` in your system. To learn more about `kn`, you can read our [document](https://github.com/knative/client/blob/master/docs/cmd/kn.md).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To learn more about using `kn`, see the [documentation](https://github.com/knative/client/blob/master/docs/cmd/kn.md).
```

Reviewer 5: I'd also add a <!--TODO--> comment here to make sure this gets updated to a link within the docs at some point, rather than the client repo. @rhuss cc'ing you since you might want to update this once there's a `kn` reference section in docs.

Author: Thanks for your comments.
